save my show taxi name but she and
fabiana and we talk about it
here are your questions
twitter is the first head down one
duration story down so it's not
possible
andreas and julie or if it is not a
seat there , games with consoles are
ruining paper role-playing games is
the desire to be together and not
playing on a TV no no you can do
one to the other also because we include
in these paper role-playing games that
many do not know what games are from
table that I am of the typical game you play
with a group of friends and so on
excluding bingo, that is evil
not even a little 21 points like them
appointments also say no however the matches in
row for novella new realizations
are we done a little faster
right from risiko the original one
imposing the attack the cam cae cam
hunting and did not understand however it is no not
I believe we are going to the place
end of the role play in my opinion the
role play the video game is
taking one he took more of his own
huge niche of space in the
day in the sense you were not 3 after there is no
ok to proceed from when in
Meanwhile Thursday after dinner in standards
day yes
it depends there is no ballarò found one
very famous however I will not get
Tuesday if I live in an eternal Tuesday that
beautiful phrase xenon will steal copyright
live on an eternal Tuesday the game from
role table you do with many people
no and in the end it is very difficult
the type experience six people that
they all play a video game together
I have never seen things once
It is not possible
notes take turns and for what you play
a mario kart with the screen divided into 4
ass and who does it damn if not
see you think the multiplayer games by
role precisely but here I have a layman empty
warcraft yes as well that speech
valid last online themes
partnership let me play there i am
writing I don't like to say some do
part of the press
what I said we didn't do
nothing they assign me anyway
shouted he would say he was counted for or not
role-playing games
apart from that they are experiences of
worse for the role to play the table
I'm with friends is an experience
different and much more social is not like
being in a guild with a live set is one
different thing but then it's okay by a
certain point of view there is also another
which gives you the chance
these video games
online rpg online chance to play
when maybe you didn't have in life
real
maybe no one understands enough
near or you have no place where
go because it happens but it's the house
of the friend available to play and
so games are two things
we actually have different ones
vampire campaign that stopped
more than a year ago and it honors me the time of
take it here we talk we don't talk about it
of this it is already fabian hit for
my fault there isn't at least the little question
we will not get what we are fishing for
so the patient went to a part
of pass dear fish with magnet le
we'll have something organized
very expensive then this question I or
decoder or little my height know
daniele casa bulb is facing the
comeback arrest the Arab spring
when the current growth will stop
Economic envisage to no
desirable now I'm second possible
me yes it is possible but there will be one
incredible repression as it is
happening of left-handed blood much of
more, in my opinion, much more, however, is
actually not the point
market is going to last
is already social I believe rather than not
it will be like this
I believe it will be the exact opposite
then china to the arab world is a lot
different between their Arab world and
tended by religion
much of the Arab world has led
from a strong religious presence and to the
the same time he is not experiencing details
wellness boom
China on the other hand the only half China
for its history, religion is not
so for weighting in society
Chinese, however, is slowly getting quiet
floor enriching with city capital
because everything in China had lived in
China there is a lot of people in China is
so we certainly know what the
situation the people breaking up
he works very hard and so he does
not the proletarian revolution
no i think what will happen
I think it will be what happened
in countries that have experienced a wave
of sport and wellness therefore e
the unions will arrive and slowly
workers' rights will come and yes
to extend we reduce the hours of work
all the process that happened to
there is a lot in the western world
likely to happen this way however for
as for the regime that is still in
China for me is very likely that too
seek out repressions
of being professions that show off but
in fact, both how and how the regime is
brutal in China but that it is also from
there have been few demonstrations that
they are made that can be with much
strength and difficult then there is mail
I think a great revolution in this regard
who will expect the regime to
weaken what will happen because it is
very corrupt Chinese regime there is one
a little bit longer than the first real one
never been a very different speech
I think the newspaper component is
a big part stack last year a lot
bad that the Arab spring
But I said it at the beginning though
Egypt speaks
the no b day light because we talk to
youtube do not frame the direction there is
behind what hid those who paid them
read it all
turn no
right then you can polito I answer yes
we cannot vote for the region because of it
regency we have only one
camcorder so it's impossible to do
both things
or to the director and exact batman you have
never seen this rasman and what room
we are we yes what we have seen
bum had seen Batman, but Batman
however our always have ever
having seen any TV series the director does not
it is never resumed that this is a
telefilm this and are an answer to the
your question
let's say the director if he wants to come
here we are in all of them
you don't know but who is bruce care does not want
so exactly so the little begins
truth see you tomorrow at 18